master
The four major families of the broken family
My gentleman, there must be a hidden gate here
I must find out
Hello
Something happened to Dr. Ye
What happened to my dad?
he
What happened to Duan Lao?
He committed suicide by jumping off a building.
Pardon me?
You just left our house less than an hour ago
He committed suicide by jumping off the building
Did he leave a message?
He just said that as long as you insert your life experience
The Duan family will not be at peace
The southern city will also be restless
He knows too much.
He committed suicide to protect the integrity of the Duan family
So?
My master
What's wrong with your master?
Hurry up my master, he must be in danger